International Journal of Engineering Research and Applications 

ISSN: 2248-9622




IJERA provides individual hard copy of certificates to all authors free of cost
at their postal address after online publication.




SUBMIT YOUR PAPER










About Us
International Journal of Engineering Research and Applications (IJERA) is an
International, peer reviewed, open access Engineering and Science Journal
promoting the discovery, innovation, advancement and dissemination of basic and
transitional knowledge in engineering, science and related disciplines. We aim
to revolutionize industry by promoting legitimate and effective research.








Benefits of IJERA
1. Manuscript submission is very easy by simple online process.
2. Registration is not required for paper submission.

3. Review result of submitted paper will be declared within 05-06 days by
   reviewer team.

4. provides individual "Soft copy of Certificate" to all Authors.









Frequency of publication
IJERA is published as monthly journal with 12 issues per year. Currently IJERA
is also publishing peer reviewed papers of International and National level
conferences conducted by various research and academic institutions.
IJERA Impact Factor is 1.69 (as per Google Scholar Citation Report)








Important Dates For Volume 06 - Issue 08 (August 2016)




Last date of paper submission: 10th September  2016
Notification of Acceptance: Within 05-06 Days

Publication date: 20th September 2016







PAPER SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

Prospective authors are kindly invited to submit full text papers including
results, tables, figures and references. Full text papers in .pdf format as
well as .doc/.docx format will be accepted by online submission or E-mail:
ijera.editor@gmail.com. All submitted articles should report original,
previously unpublished research results, experimental or theoretical. Articles
submitted to the Conference should meet these criteria and must not be under
consideration for publication elsewhere.






Why publish your article in IJERA ?



Open Access : high visibility - high impact
Broad Scope : high standards
Transparent & Rapid publication process
Hard copy of certificate to each author free of cost
Easy Online Submission without any restrictions
Quality and high standard of peer review
Continuous article publication without delay
High visibility and international readership
You retain copyright of your article under Creative Commons license
No Space constraints (any no. of pages)
Promotion of your articles






IJERA is indexed in Google Scholar, NASA Ads, DOAJ, ArXiv, NCBI, Google
Scholar. So our authors can get benefits for h-index and i-index.

Kindly forward this e-mail to your group of Friends/ Students/ Colleagues/
Associates/ Fellow Researchers, who may be benefited out of this.

Thanking You.

Editorial Board,
International Journal of Engineering Research and Applications (IJERA)
www.ijera.com
